Ports tests from `partiql-lang-kotlin`'s PTS (#38)
partiql/partiql-tests: partiql-tests-data-extended/README.md

> Directory contains tests that are not formally part of the PartiQL specification or SQL-92. These tests may contain
> some features supported in some implementations of PartiQL (e.g. `partiql-lang-kotlin`) but are not part of the formal
> PartiQL conformance test suite.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains additional tests that are not formally defined within the PartiQL specification. This suite may assume additional features which are not included in the conformance test suite.
```
